README.md, before:

# Paperweight

**NOTICE**: This project is still under heavy development.
Some parts may be unfinished and some may actually be unsafe per Django-standards.
I strive to create a fully functional (and safe) project soon, however that may take some time.

## What is Paperweight?

Paperweight is a Django-based application to store documents such as invoices, instruction manuals and much more.

## What documents can I store in it?

Technically, anything! Text files, PDFs, Word/Excel/PowerPoint documents, images... Even videos, although it's not the best use case.

## Requirements

This project requires at least Python 3+.
It may work with other versions prior to Python3, however it won't be tested.

Tested Hardware: Raspberry Pi 4 (Raspberry Pi OS Lite 64-bit) and macOS Monterey 12.2.1

Supported databases: This project was tested against SQLite (dev) and Postgres databases.
However, it technically supports all [Django-supported database types](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.0/ref/databases/)
since Django itself supports these database types.

If you wish to support HTTPS, you will need a proxy (such as Nginx) to handle the requests accordingly.

## How do I set it up?

The following guide illustrates how you can run the project **for testing**.
This method **should not** be used in production since it uses the Django built-in web server with DEBUG turned on and a self-generated SECRET_KEY.
There will be a wiki page in the future guiding you on how to set up Paperweight for production.

- **OPTIONAL BUT RECOMMENDED**: Set up a Python Virtual Environment
- Download the Paperweight source code.
- Open a terminal/cmd instance on the downloaded directory.
- Run `python3 -m pip install -r requirements`. This will download all python module requirements.
- Run `python3 manage.py migrate` to create the database (default is a sqlite database) and create all Django-related tables.
- Run `python3 manage.py makemigrations documents registration` followed by `python3 manage.py migrate` to create all Paperweight required database tables.
- Run `python3 manage.py runserver`. This will start the Paperweight server.
- Paperweight should be running without any issues.

Commit message:

Updated README.md to include a new step on the setup instructions to populate the database

README.md, after:

# Paperweight

**NOTICE**: This project is still under heavy development.
Some parts may be unfinished and some may actually be unsafe per Django-standards.
I strive to create a fully functional (and safe) project soon, however that may take some time.

## What is Paperweight?

Paperweight is a Django-based application to store documents such as invoices, instruction manuals and much more.

## What documents can I store in it?

Technically, anything! Text files, PDFs, Word/Excel/PowerPoint documents, images... Even videos, although it's not the best use case.

## Requirements

This project requires at least Python 3+.
It may work with other versions prior to Python3, however it won't be tested.

Tested Hardware: Raspberry Pi 4 (Raspberry Pi OS Lite 64-bit) and macOS Monterey 12.2.1

Supported databases: This project was tested against SQLite (dev) and Postgres databases.
However, it technically supports all [Django-supported database types](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.0/ref/databases/)
since Django itself supports these database types.

If you wish to support HTTPS, you will need a proxy (such as Nginx) to handle the requests accordingly.

## How do I set it up?

The following guide illustrates how you can run the project **for testing**.
This method **should not** be used in production since it uses the Django built-in web server with DEBUG turned on and a self-generated SECRET_KEY.
There will be a wiki page in the future guiding you on how to set up Paperweight for production.

- **OPTIONAL BUT RECOMMENDED**: Set up a Python Virtual Environment
- Download the Paperweight source code.
- Open a terminal/cmd instance on the downloaded directory.
- Run `python3 -m pip install -r requirements`. This will download all python module requirements.
- Run `python3 manage.py migrate` to create the database (default is a sqlite database) and create all Django-related tables.
- Run `python3 manage.py makemigrations documents registration` followed by `python3 manage.py migrate` to create all Paperweight required database tables.
- Run `python3 manage.py build` to run a custom command that will populate the database with the necessary entries
- Run `python3 manage.py runserver`. This will start the Paperweight server.
- Paperweight should be running without any issues.
